---
title: Week Notes 2024#1
status: Evergreen
created: '2024-04-22'
updated: '2024-11-03'
tags:
- personal development
- caffeine alternatives
- bullet journaling
- ai projects
- tv shows
growth_stage: evergreen
---
- I've been going without coffee all week, having a couple of cups of matcha instead. I thought I'd have some caffeine withdrawals, but I was totally fine. I have less overall anxiety; probably the only thing I get anxious about is resisting coffee itself. There are little moments when I want a cup of coffee mostly for comforting reasons, like when driving, that are the hardest to resist.
- I chatted with some recruiters, and a couple of conversations are scheduled for next week.
- I dropped my wife off at the airport early Friday morning; she comes back this coming Thursday. She'll be in Phoenix, then Tucson, visiting friends and family.
- I switched to a paper bullet journal this week for day-to-day stuff. My organizational tools are up in the air at the moment, and I find it grounding to use a notebook for now.

## In deeplearning.ai and pdf benchmarked
- Finished the "Preprocessing Unstructured Data for LLM Applications" course https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/preprocessing-unstructured-data-for-llm-applications/. Applicable to much that I will do in the future (resume + job description = custom resume, for example).
- I'm part of an inaugural cohort of folks in an effort that DLAI has put together to help people put the skills that they are learning into open source projects.
	- Working in 4 weeks sprints
	- In a group working on a PDF benchmarking tool to evaluate how well different PDF scraping tools work for RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) apps
	- I started out by building a Python Click application with an extendable plugin system so anyone can add new tools to evaluate.
	- Towards the end of the week, I started working with Microsoft's AutoGen project for building AI agent systems. I successfully built a prototype with half a dozen agents working together, some using tools, to accomplish different parts of the task. This involved reading files, summarizing, and comparing texts and PDFs. I'm super excited about AutoGen!

## Watched
- The last two episodes of The Last Airbender
- The most recent episode of Survivor
- The most recent episode of The Amazing Race
